well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about
uh taking all the precautions
that you need to um
and a email i got from one of your
daughters
my dad is 67 years old he watches you
every day he also goes about his normal
life
even though he's and there is a giant
list of medical conditions here at the
end of the day short version he's at
risk
it's been a battle to get him to wear a
mask over his beard he told me you
initially shaved your beard and so did
he when this all started
and that he'll worry about it when you
do
can you remind everybody it's still
serious please
okay so first um
i'm a hermit i leave this property
like three times a month for real i
don't go anywhere
um when i do
i wear a mask i shaved my
my beard i made it mass compliant
initially
just to set a good example
i guess there were a lot of people who
didn't want to shave
initially because they weren't
certain of how serious it is it is
incredibly serious
it's worse now than it's ever been the
president
is not um focused on this
he's focused on other things there was
little response to begin with there is
no response
right now so that's something that you
should definitely keep in mind
aside from that yes
i'll trim it up later wear a mask
what are you doing we're we're at the
highest rates
we've had in a very very long time
please wear a mask wash your hands don't
touch your face stay at home
if you can do everything you're supposed
to it is worse now
than it has ever been it's not it's not
better yet
um and it's still gonna be a while it's
gonna get worse as it gets colder
please exercise all of the caution that
you can
anyway it's just a thought you have a
good day